=== Importer Plugin for Fat Free CRM

This plugin is a simple way to import data from mapped sources. Initially just for SalesForce -> Fat Free CRM 
For more information about Fat Free CRM visit http://github.com/michaeldv/fat_free_crm/tree/master

=== Prerequisites

To obtain the correct info from salesforce:

    * Go to https://login.salesforce.com, and login.
    * Grab the following from Salesforce's web UI
          o Ensure your user has API access
          o Your Enterprise API WSDL - Click "Setup", "Develop" >> "API" >> "Generate Enterprise WSDL"
          o Your API Token Reset if needed - "Setup", "My Personal Info" >> "Reset My Security Token"
    * Copy the WSDL file you downloaded to config/wsdl.xml
    
This version of the importer utilises DataMapper and the associated plugins.
Please ensure the correct gems are installed and add this to your config/environment.rb : 
	  * config.gem "dm-core", :version => '=0.9.11'
	  * config.gem "dm-salesforce", :version => '=0.9.12'
	
Add the following files (used for defining salesforce connection and objects used for import):
	config/salesforce/salesforce.yml
	config/salesforce/wsdl.xml
	
Setup your salesforce.yml file in the following way with your details :

    salesforce:
      username: your_user@domain.com
      password: your_password
      security_token: full_security_token


Update CRM fields to ensure the field size are the correct sizes. Some examples:
  User.username #FFCRM is only 32, suggest a change to at least 64

	
=== Installation

The plugin installs just like any Ruby on Rails plugin packaged as git.
Assuming that you have Fat Free CRM up and running:

  $ ./script/install plugin git://github.com/tommeier/crm_importer.git

The sample plugin will be installed in vendor/plugins/crm_importer directory.

=== How To

To generate an 'estimate' of your DataMapper objects based upon your SalesForce setup (including custom columns), run the following:

  * Salesforce::WsdlProperties.generate

This will generate a file : tmp/sales_force_import/dm_mapped_objects.rb for you to review and then override the plugin however you see fit.
I strongly advise looking through the import process in salesforce.rb to ensure the right columns and data is mapped correctly. In many cases you will
need to retro-fit FFCRM to include additional fields and add the mapping to the import.

To import Salesforce information into Fat Free CRM. Run the following command:

  * Salesforce.import

or from rake:

  * rake fatfree:importer:import_salesforce

== Miscellaneous commands

- Create connection:
  * Salesforce::DmConnection.new

- Access Objects:
  * DataMapper::Objects::Account.first

To import SalesForce information into Fat Free CRM. Run the following commands:

=== TODO
  - Update the properties generator to correctly use belongs_to and has_many relationships. (Awaiting dm-salesforce to be updated to datamapper 10.*)
  - Extensive tests across the importer (use FakeWeb when I have access to an example SOAP salesforce response)
  - Allow passed custom columns (currently manually changing the properties in the methods)
  - Use mapped columns hash and loop accordingly instead of using seperate method for each major object
  - Handle more salesforce objects
  - Work out better way to insert comments/notes without having to monkey patch the after_create filter
  - Extend notes --> comments for searching additional objects (import_notes, salesforce.rb)
  
=== Credits

Fat Free CRM - http://github.com/michaeldv/fat_free_crm/tree/master
Datamapper Core - http://github.com/datamapper/dm-core/
Datamapper Salesforce - http://github.com/halorgium/dm-salesforce/
